feat: Standardize environment variables across canister types (#2032)
dfinity/sdk: CHANGELOG.adoc

== DFX

=== feat: Unified environment variables across build commands

The three canister types that use a custom build tool - `assets`, `rust`, and `custom` - now all support the same set of environment variables during the build task: 

* `DFX_VERSION` - The version of DFX that was used to build the canister.
* `DFX_NETWORK` - The network name being built for. Usually `ic` or `local`.
* `CANISTER_ID_{canister}` - The canister principal ID of the canister `{canister}` registered in `dfx.json`.

> * `CANISTER_CANDID_PATH_{canister}` - The path to the Candid interface file for the canister `{canister}` among your canister's dependencies.
> * `CANISTER_ID` - Same as `CANISTER_ID_{self}`, where `{self}` is the name of _this_ canister.
> * `CANISTER_CANDID_PATH` - Same as `CANISTER_CANDID_PATH_{self}`, where `{self}` is the name of _this_ canister.
> 
> This would break compatibility with `rust` and `custom`, which currently use `CANISTER_CANDID_{canister}`. For now, this naming scheme is available
> for compatibility reasons, but will be removed in 0.10.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `CANISTER_CANDID_PATH_{canister}` - The path to the Candid interface file for the canister `{canister}` among your canister's dependencies.
* `CANISTER_CANDID_{canister}` (deprecated) - the same as `CANISTER_CANDID_PATH_{canister}`.  This is provided for backwards compatibility with `rust` and `custom` canisters, and will be removed in dfx 0.10.0.
* `CANISTER_ID` - Same as `CANISTER_ID_{self}`, where `{self}` is the name of _this_ canister.
* `CANISTER_CANDID_PATH` - Same as `CANISTER_CANDID_PATH_{self}`, where `{self}` is the name of _this_ canister.

```
